Explicitly setting CertManager APIVersion to V1 (#3189)
kubernetes-sigs/aws-load-balancer-controller: helm/aws-load-balancer-controller/README.md

If you are setting `enableCertManager: true` you need to have installed cert-manager and it's CRDs before installing this chart; to install [cert-manager](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/cert-manager/cert-manager) follow the installation guide.

> By default, the apiVersion of cert-manager is set to `cert-manager.io/v1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controller helm chart requires the cert-manager with apiVersion `cert-manager.io/v1`.
```
